A Baby Center bot which can answer few questions about your baby and if there is a proplem ,it ask you to visit the center
eczema is the name for a group of conditions that cause the skin to become red, itchy and inflamed .
fever is the name for the longing that some people experience relating to the desire of having a child  of their own.

popular medicine for fever is acetaminophen or ibuprofen.
Folic acid is necessary for the proper growth and development of the fetus.
Adequate intake of folic acid is vital for the prevention of several types of birth defects, particularly NTDs. The neural tube of the embryo develops into the brain, spinal cord, spinal column, and the skull

baby teething age is some babies are born with their first teeth. Others start teething before they are 4 months old, and some after 12 months. But most babies start teething at around 6 months.

teething in babies is the first tooth is a big event , but it can be uncomfortable and The more you know about teething, the better you can help your baby get through it.
 First Tooth once your child has a tooth, you should be brushing them twice a day with a smear of fluoride toothpaste the size of a grain of rice, especially after the last drink or food of the day. Remember not to put your baby to bed with a bottle—it can lead to tooth decay.


Teething can be painful, but it doesn’t usually make babies sick. Call your doctor if your baby has diarrhea, vomiting, rashes on the body, a higher fever, or cough and congestion. These aren’t normal signs of teething.

the first tooth is a big event, but it can be uncomfortable. The more you know about teething, the better you can help your baby get through it. The pediatrician will monitor your baby's teeth for decay and will decide if a referral to a dentist is needed prior to age 1. In lower-risk children, the pediatrIcian can continue to screen teeth until age 3.

Baby Sleep Through the Night Most babies sleep through the night by five months, but not all.
baby sleep Your baby may sleep from 10 to 18 hours a day, sometimes for 3 to 4 hours at a time. But babies don’t know the difference between day and night. So they sleep with no regard for what time it is. That means your baby’s wide-awake time may be from 1 a.m. to 5 a.m.

cold is a viral infection of your baby's nose and throat. Nasal congestion and a runny nose are the main indicators of a cold.

Babies are born with a full visual capacity to see objects and colors. However, newborns cannot see very far  only objects that are 8-15 inches away.
Eczema looks and acts differently in infants and toddlers than it does in older children. The location and appearance of eczema changes as they grow, so it’s important to know what to look for during every stage of your infant or toddler’s life.
cold and flu medicine for babies is OTC pain relievers such as acetaminophen might relieve discomfort associated with a fever. Fever is a part of your child's natural response to the virus, so it may help to allow your child to have a low-grade fever.
Eczema usually appears on the face, cheeks, chin, forehead and scalp. It can also spread to other areas of the body, but not usually in the diaper area, where moisture protects the skin. The skin at this stage also tends to look more red and “weepy.”
Treatment for cold in babies involves easing their symptoms, such as by providing fluids, keeping the air moist and helping them keep their nasal passages open. Very young infants must see a doctor at the first sign of the common cold to make sure croup, pneumonia or other more serious illnesses aren't present.

Treatment for flu in babies involves easing their symptoms, such as by providing fluids, keeping the air moist and helping them keep their nasal passages open. Very young infants must see a doctor at the first sign of the common cold to make sure croup, pneumonia or other more serious illnesses aren't present.

feeding the floor is a messy phase when baby seems to spend more time playing with or dropping food than eating it,this step is important in helping your baby become more self-reliant.

newborn babies see Babies are born with a full visual capacity to see objects and colors. However, newborns cannot see very far  only objects that are 8-15 inches away.

signs of a picky eater can seem pretty obvious: Your baby may push away the spoon or turn his head from it or might close her mouth as you try feeding her.
dry, peeling skin almost all babies can have some dry, peeling skin.
Babies learn by exploring their environment, through seeing, hearing and touching .
Babies, especially infants, don’t have a lot of ways to communicate what they want and how they’re feeling. Until they have enough words  they express their thoughts and feelings through their behaviors.
Every parent knows the fussy baby checklist: hungry, tired, dirty diaper, something hurts. But every parent knows, too, that sometimes nothing works. Sometimes a baby is just really, really upset, and there’s nothing you or anyone else can do about it.

develop a routine and schedule that gets them used to falling asleep at the desired times. Having dinner, taking a bath, reading a story, singing a lullaby, getting pajamas on every family has a different routine, but going through those motions at consistent times will help a baby learn when to expect to sleep.
You may take walks with your newborn once you feel up to it. However, you should avoid crowded/enclosed spaces, including airplanes, until after she’s received her two-month vaccines; those spaces increase her risk of getting sick.
Newborns breathe much better through their noses than through their mouths. They have small nasal passages so any little bit of congestion can make their breathing sound very noisy; they may even sound like a washing machine when breathing.
There are countless of advantages to giving your baby a pacifier and to start off with pacifiers satisfy a baby's innate desire to suck.
Pacifiers help calm babies down in our wildly chaotic and scary  world and Plus,pacifiers reduce the risk of SIDS, something that all parents fear their baby will fall victim to.
It's important to keep babies clean which basically means that it's important to give them an occasional bath.
position your baby for sleep : experts advise that you should position a sleeping baby in a very specific position for it can help reduce the risk of SIDS, a very scary phenomenon every parent fears.

 A baby's first step signifies that your child is healthy and happy and that he is on his way to growing into a healthy young child.
 baby's first word is certainly exciting, it is no less thrilling  for parents at least when their baby seems to understand basic words such as "no" and "bye bye".
 Every mother knows that babies and young children need help when they are taking a bath. Indeed, leaving a child unsupervised in the bathroom, let alone a bathtub, is incredibly irresponsible and could lead to fatal consequences such as the baby or the young child drowning.